fix: adt services for abap service provider (#519)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/axios-extension/src/abap/adt-catalog/README.md

### Background

ADT services may or may not be available on depending on the ABAP version.
ADT provides a discovery service that responds with ADT service schema, 
which contains availability for ADT services.

### ADT Service Implementation

> A lazy loading strategy is used for fetching Adt discovery schema. I.e. The discovery request is sent
> when the first time an ADT service request is triggered. 
> To implement ADT services with this lazy loading, developer needs to make sure to call the getServiceDefinition() function in 
> AdtCatalogService to fetch the service schema for the ADT service to be implemented. E.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ADT service schema is lazily loaded. The first time an ADT service request is triggered, a schema discovery request is made first.
To use an ADT service, make sure to call `getServiceDefinition()` in 
`AdtCatalogService` first to make sure the service schema is initialized correctly. E.g.
```
